---
layout: post
---

Allow me to introduce you to my much less serious project that I've been working on, Trojan.ShitDick. You may be wondering, "K0rnholio, what in the rhyme of the ancient fuck is that name?" Well, I was making the Visual Studio project at somewhere around 3 AM when I started putting together this abomination, and when it asked for a project name I just thought "profanity = funny", and now here we are.

## Uh, what the shit?

That's a good question, I ask myself that every time I open VS to work on it. But I have no idea, so I'll just tell you about what it does and where it inherits most of the core of its code from. The main variant of it that I'm putting the development resources in since it's the most complex (and most fun to unleash on a VM since it's the destructive one), Trojan.ShitDick.C, is now mainly based on the core of ResonateII by justquant/GAiA, which I integrated into what I had already made. 

The payloads, though, are completely different at the moment. I plan on adding some that pay tribute to ResonateII and other joke trojans/viruses/worms such as MEMZ and even some old school ones like Virus.DOS.AIDS and Rogue.Antivirus2010 (just because I have some not-so-fond memories of removing that one).

## Where to find Trojan.ShitDick

Currently none of the variants of ShitDick are publicly available. I've decided to keep them to myself for the time being and only release a non-destructive version once it is ready; I may be able to provide the destructive one upon request at my discretion to people I know I can trust or if for some reason someone wants to make a video messing around with it. If/when a non-destructive build is uploaded to GitHub, I will put the repo link here.