---
layout: post
author: TheGreatK0rnholio
---

Apologies for the lack of updates, I'm like Alan Wake, or should I say Alan Woke (I'd put a nerd emoji here if VSCode would let me) and got stuck in the writer's room for 2 goddamn motherfucking years. It's been so long, in fact, that 2 new Tourettes Guy videos have come out in between this post and the last one on my dogshit website. I'll get around to updating the whole site. Eventually. But for now, this update post will have to do.

~~im into fat bitches~~

## Table of Upcoming Shit™ 2: Stay Human Reloaded Edition
- [Table of Upcoming Shit™ 2: Stay Human Reloaded Edition](#table-of-upcoming-shit-2-stay-human-reloaded-edition)
  - [ShitDick has a new name](#shitdick-has-a-new-name)
  - [Finally getting back to OpenENDEC](#finally-getting-back-to-openendec)
  - [Conclusion](#conclusion)

### [ShitDick has a new name](#shitdick=new-name)

I decided to rename ShitDick to ResonanceCascade, for 3 reasons:

1. It's a Half-Life reference.
2. It's a tribute to ResonateII, the virus it's meant to be a successor to.
3. Saying the name "ShitDick" usually leads to someone looking at me like I just ran over a child.

New updates are still coming, much like what happened with this website the whole thing of becoming an adult kind of slows down any sort of hobby projects. The big one is completing what I so elegantly named the *"NO FUCK OFF"* switch code. In short, the *NO FUCK OFF* switch exists in case some dickhead ever uses ResonanceCascade for actual malicious purposes. One could say they could remove that code, and you would be right. But to be completely transparent, this is so that in case that ever did happen, I have the defense of it clearly being intended for harmless fun in case someone decided to threaten me over it. Plus if someone was stupid enough to try to use it with malicious intent and NOT remove the killswitch code, I can shut that shit down the moment I become aware of it. As always, public release isn't coming until the safety mechanisms are airtight. So if you're wondering where it is, be patient, you selfish little fuck! (Well, I might give an early build to Emilio if asked, and yes I know you're reading this cuh.)

### [Finally getting back to OpenENDEC](#about-time-dickhead)

It's been ages since an OpenENDEC update, I know. I've been busy with other things and work on it slowed to a crawl. I'm now starting to get the files back together to resume developing the decoder portion of it, and make an installer package for all of it so that setting up said decoder isn't such a nightmare. (For context, the alpha version of it is based on multimon-ng which is notoriously difficult to set up properly.) 

The encoder doesn't need a whole lot of changes aside from updating it to Python 3 because Python 2.7 is ~~FUCKING DEAD AND RETARDED AND GAY BULLSHIT~~ outdated. Code optimizations most likely wouldn't hurt either, but the main priority with it is getting it onto a version of Python that doesn't try to kill itself every time I want to run my own fucking script.

### [Conclusion](#its-over)

With that, I don't have much else to put here. It's been a slow couple years for my projects. Like I said, real life takes a toll on that kind of thing. Good thing the 2 people or less who read this aren't paying me anyway or they'd be pissed.

also thank fuck ghost of tsushima didn't end up being 70 bucks on steam so it will take slightly less time to get around to buying and playing it that shit looks good idk see you next time or something 